misc/_cooking/2025-05-23-slow-cooker-beef-ribeye-roast.md, before:

---
layout: post
title: Slow Cooker Beef Ribeye Roast
description: Simple slow cooker recipe for beef ribeye roast
date: 2025-05-23 09:00:00 -0700
categories: cooking

pictures:
  001-vegetable-base:
    url:
      base: assets/images/cooking/2025-05-23-slow-cooker-beef-ribeye-roast/
      filter: absolute_url

    img:
      alt: >-
        Top-down view of slow-cooker with baby-carrots standing upright and
        lining the walls, small multi-color potatoes sliced in half and flat
        side down lining the base, and full cloves of pealed garlic packing the
        spaces between potatoes.
      src: 001-vegetable-base.jpg
      width: 4080
      loading: lazy
      decoding: async
    sources:
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 001-vegetable-base_25-percent.avif
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 001-vegetable-base_25-percent.jpg
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 001-vegetable-base_25-percent.png
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 001-vegetable-base_25-percent.webp
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 001-vegetable-base_50-percent.avif
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 001-vegetable-base_50-percent.jpg
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 001-vegetable-base_50-percent.png
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 001-vegetable-base_50-percent.webp

  002-layer-sliced-mushrooms:
    url:
      base: assets/images/cooking/2025-05-23-slow-cooker-beef-ribeye-roast/
      filter: absolute_url
    img:
      alt: >-
        Top-down view of slow-cooker with baby-carrots standing upright and
        lining the walls, with sliced mushrooms in an even layer over
        previously placed potatoes and garlic cloves.
      src: 002-layer-sliced-mushrooms.jpg
      width: 4080
      loading: lazy
      decoding: async
    sources:
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 002-layer-sliced-mushrooms_25-percent.avif
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 002-layer-sliced-mushrooms_25-percent.jpg
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 002-layer-sliced-mushrooms_25-percent.png
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 002-layer-sliced-mushrooms_25-percent.webp
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 002-layer-sliced-mushrooms_50-percent.avif
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 002-layer-sliced-mushrooms_50-percent.jpg
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 002-layer-sliced-mushrooms_50-percent.png
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 002-layer-sliced-mushrooms_50-percent.webp

  003-stand-broccoli-florets:
    url:
      base: assets/images/cooking/2025-05-23-slow-cooker-beef-ribeye-roast/
      filter: absolute_url
    img:
      alt: >-
        Top-down view of slow-cooker with baby-carrots standing upright and
        lining the walls, with sliced mushrooms in an even layer over
        previously placed potatoes and garlic cloves, and now a mass of
        broccoli florets packed tight and stem side down on top of mushrooms
      src: 003-stand-broccoli-florets.jpg
      width: 4080
      loading: lazy
      decoding: async
    sources:
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 003-stand-broccoli-florets_25-percent.avif
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 003-stand-broccoli-florets_25-percent.jpg
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 003-stand-broccoli-florets_25-percent.png
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 003-stand-broccoli-florets_25-percent.webp
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 003-stand-broccoli-florets_50-percent.avif
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 003-stand-broccoli-florets_50-percent.jpg
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 003-stand-broccoli-florets_50-percent.png
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 003-stand-broccoli-florets_50-percent.webp

  004-stuff-scored-ribeye:
    url:
      base: assets/images/cooking/2025-05-23-slow-cooker-beef-ribeye-roast/
      filter: absolute_url
    img:
      alt: >-
        Top-down view of slow-cooker with baby-carrots standing upright and
        lining the walls, with sliced mushrooms in an even layer over
        previously placed potatoes and garlic cloves, a mass of broccoli
        florets packed tight and stem side down on top of mushrooms, and now
        with scored ribeye roast stuffed with whole garlic cloves and baby
        carrots, topped with select spices.
      src: 004-stuff-scored-ribeye.jpg
      width: 4080
      loading: lazy
      decoding: async
    sources:
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 004-stuff-scored-ribeye_25-percent.avif
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 004-stuff-scored-ribeye_25-percent.jpg
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 004-stuff-scored-ribeye_25-percent.png
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 004-stuff-scored-ribeye_25-percent.webp
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 004-stuff-scored-ribeye_50-percent.avif
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 004-stuff-scored-ribeye_50-percent.jpg
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 004-stuff-scored-ribeye_50-percent.png
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 004-stuff-scored-ribeye_50-percent.webp

  005-serve-when-done:
    url:
      base: assets/images/cooking/2025-05-23-slow-cooker-beef-ribeye-roast/
      filter: absolute_url
    img:
      alt: >-
        Top down view of slow-cooker with steaming and glistening ribeye roast
        that's been scored, and slits stuffed with whole garlic cloves and baby
        carrots, and topped with select spices.  Around which sliced mushrooms
        can be spotted floating in dark broth.
      src: 005-serve-when-done.jpg
      width: 4080
      loading: lazy
      decoding: async
    sources:
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 005-serve-when-done_25-percent.avif
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 005-serve-when-done_25-percent.jpg
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 005-serve-when-done_25-percent.png
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 005-serve-when-done_25-percent.webp
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 005-serve-when-done_50-percent.avif
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 005-serve-when-done_50-percent.jpg
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 005-serve-when-done_50-percent.png
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 005-serve-when-done_50-percent.webp

---


## Ingredients


- mini medley potatoes
- whole garlic cloves peeled
- baby carrots
- sliced mushrooms
- broccoli florets
- between 120ml to 180ml, or 1/2 to 3/4 cup, of water


______


## Instructions


### Vegetable base

{% include modules/includes-picture/picture.html name='001-vegetable-base' %}

- Slice potatoes in half and, cut side down, layer bottom of slow-cooker
- Arrange carrots upright along wall of slow-cooker
- Between gaps of potatoes place whole garlic cloves

### Layer sliced mushrooms

{% include modules/includes-picture/picture.html name='002-layer-sliced-mushrooms' %}

- Place an even layer of sliced mushrooms over top of potatoes and garlic

### Stand broccoli florets

{% include modules/includes-picture/picture.html name='003-stand-broccoli-florets' %}

- Stand broccoli florets, stem side down, on and between layer of mushrooms

### Stuff scored ribeye

{% include modules/includes-picture/picture.html name='004-stuff-scored-ribeye' %}

- Slice half thickness/depth into ribeye and across the grain of muscle fibers
- Place ribeye in slow-cooker
- Between slits/scoring of ribey stuff more baby carrots and garlic cloves
- Add preferred seasonings
- Around parameter slide more baby carrots along wall and sliced mushrooms
- Add between 120ml to 180ml, or 1/2 to 3/4 cup, of water
- Cover and cook for the amount of time your slow-cooker recommends

> Note featured spices in above image are a blend of; sesame seed, dried onion
> and garlic flakes, chili pepper, poppy seed, red pepper, caraway seed, bezel,
> and rosemary.

### Serve when done

{% include modules/includes-picture/picture.html name='005-serve-when-done' %}

- Per-serving cut all the way through ribeye perpendicular to previously scored slits
- Place slice of ribeye in bowl and spoon over mushrooms and vegetables


______


## Notes and additional tips


Water may be replaced with broth or other liquid of choice, however, beware to
not use too much as there'll be much water that seeps out of ingredients.

Foaming is expected after first few hours of cooking, and usually subsides.
But, for first timers, it may be wise to put slow-cooker in cooking sheet/tray
to help catch seeping caused by adding too much water.

Commit message:

:memo: Add social links and SEO image data

misc/_cooking/2025-05-23-slow-cooker-beef-ribeye-roast.md, after:

---
layout: post
title: Slow Cooker Beef Ribeye Roast
description: Simple slow cooker recipe for beef ribeye roast
date: 2025-05-23 09:00:00 -0700
categories: cooking

image: assets/images/cooking/2025-05-23-slow-cooker-beef-ribeye-roast/001-vegetable-base.jpg
social_comment:
  links:
    - text: Blue Sky
      href: https://bsky.app/profile/s0-and-s0.bsky.social/post/3lqiu26nu422m
      title: Link to Post thread for this post
    - text: LinkedIn
      href: https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7333653023241428992/?commentUrn=urn%3Ali%3Acomment%3A%28activity%3A7333653023241428992%2C7334715507570270209%29
      title: Link to comment thread for this post
    - text: Mastodon
      href: https://mastodon.social/@S0AndS0/114604929482073639
      title: Link to Toot thread for this post
    - text: Twitter
      href: https://twitter.com/S0_And_S0/status/1928949814823141804
      title: Link to Tweet thread for this post

pictures:
  001-vegetable-base:
    url:
      base: assets/images/cooking/2025-05-23-slow-cooker-beef-ribeye-roast/
      filter: absolute_url

    img:
      alt: >-
        Top-down view of slow-cooker with baby-carrots standing upright and
        lining the walls, small multi-color potatoes sliced in half and flat
        side down lining the base, and full cloves of pealed garlic packing the
        spaces between potatoes.
      src: 001-vegetable-base.jpg
      width: 4080
      loading: lazy
      decoding: async
    sources:
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 001-vegetable-base_25-percent.avif
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 001-vegetable-base_25-percent.jpg
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 001-vegetable-base_25-percent.png
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 001-vegetable-base_25-percent.webp
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 001-vegetable-base_50-percent.avif
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 001-vegetable-base_50-percent.jpg
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 001-vegetable-base_50-percent.png
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 001-vegetable-base_50-percent.webp

  002-layer-sliced-mushrooms:
    url:
      base: assets/images/cooking/2025-05-23-slow-cooker-beef-ribeye-roast/
      filter: absolute_url
    img:
      alt: >-
        Top-down view of slow-cooker with baby-carrots standing upright and
        lining the walls, with sliced mushrooms in an even layer over
        previously placed potatoes and garlic cloves.
      src: 002-layer-sliced-mushrooms.jpg
      width: 4080
      loading: lazy
      decoding: async
    sources:
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 002-layer-sliced-mushrooms_25-percent.avif
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 002-layer-sliced-mushrooms_25-percent.jpg
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 002-layer-sliced-mushrooms_25-percent.png
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 002-layer-sliced-mushrooms_25-percent.webp
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 002-layer-sliced-mushrooms_50-percent.avif
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 002-layer-sliced-mushrooms_50-percent.jpg
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 002-layer-sliced-mushrooms_50-percent.png
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 002-layer-sliced-mushrooms_50-percent.webp

  003-stand-broccoli-florets:
    url:
      base: assets/images/cooking/2025-05-23-slow-cooker-beef-ribeye-roast/
      filter: absolute_url
    img:
      alt: >-
        Top-down view of slow-cooker with baby-carrots standing upright and
        lining the walls, with sliced mushrooms in an even layer over
        previously placed potatoes and garlic cloves, and now a mass of
        broccoli florets packed tight and stem side down on top of mushrooms
      src: 003-stand-broccoli-florets.jpg
      width: 4080
      loading: lazy
      decoding: async
    sources:
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 003-stand-broccoli-florets_25-percent.avif
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 003-stand-broccoli-florets_25-percent.jpg
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 003-stand-broccoli-florets_25-percent.png
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 003-stand-broccoli-florets_25-percent.webp
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 003-stand-broccoli-florets_50-percent.avif
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 003-stand-broccoli-florets_50-percent.jpg
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 003-stand-broccoli-florets_50-percent.png
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 003-stand-broccoli-florets_50-percent.webp

  004-stuff-scored-ribeye:
    url:
      base: assets/images/cooking/2025-05-23-slow-cooker-beef-ribeye-roast/
      filter: absolute_url
    img:
      alt: >-
        Top-down view of slow-cooker with baby-carrots standing upright and
        lining the walls, with sliced mushrooms in an even layer over
        previously placed potatoes and garlic cloves, a mass of broccoli
        florets packed tight and stem side down on top of mushrooms, and now
        with scored ribeye roast stuffed with whole garlic cloves and baby
        carrots, topped with select spices.
      src: 004-stuff-scored-ribeye.jpg
      width: 4080
      loading: lazy
      decoding: async
    sources:
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 004-stuff-scored-ribeye_25-percent.avif
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 004-stuff-scored-ribeye_25-percent.jpg
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 004-stuff-scored-ribeye_25-percent.png
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 004-stuff-scored-ribeye_25-percent.webp
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 004-stuff-scored-ribeye_50-percent.avif
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 004-stuff-scored-ribeye_50-percent.jpg
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 004-stuff-scored-ribeye_50-percent.png
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 004-stuff-scored-ribeye_50-percent.webp

  005-serve-when-done:
    url:
      base: assets/images/cooking/2025-05-23-slow-cooker-beef-ribeye-roast/
      filter: absolute_url
    img:
      alt: >-
        Top down view of slow-cooker with steaming and glistening ribeye roast
        that's been scored, and slits stuffed with whole garlic cloves and baby
        carrots, and topped with select spices.  Around which sliced mushrooms
        can be spotted floating in dark broth.
      src: 005-serve-when-done.jpg
      width: 4080
      loading: lazy
      decoding: async
    sources:
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 005-serve-when-done_25-percent.avif
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 005-serve-when-done_25-percent.jpg
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 005-serve-when-done_25-percent.png
      - media: '(max-width: 1020px)'
        srcset: 005-serve-when-done_25-percent.webp
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 005-serve-when-done_50-percent.avif
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 005-serve-when-done_50-percent.jpg
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 005-serve-when-done_50-percent.png
      - media: '(max-width: 2040px)'
        srcset: 005-serve-when-done_50-percent.webp

---


## Ingredients


- mini medley potatoes
- whole garlic cloves peeled
- baby carrots
- sliced mushrooms
- broccoli florets
- between 120ml to 180ml, or 1/2 to 3/4 cup, of water


______


## Instructions


### Vegetable base

{% include modules/includes-picture/picture.html name='001-vegetable-base' %}

- Slice potatoes in half and, cut side down, layer bottom of slow-cooker
- Arrange carrots upright along wall of slow-cooker
- Between gaps of potatoes place whole garlic cloves

### Layer sliced mushrooms

{% include modules/includes-picture/picture.html name='002-layer-sliced-mushrooms' %}

- Place an even layer of sliced mushrooms over top of potatoes and garlic

### Stand broccoli florets

{% include modules/includes-picture/picture.html name='003-stand-broccoli-florets' %}

- Stand broccoli florets, stem side down, on and between layer of mushrooms

### Stuff scored ribeye

{% include modules/includes-picture/picture.html name='004-stuff-scored-ribeye' %}

- Slice half thickness/depth into ribeye and across the grain of muscle fibers
- Place ribeye in slow-cooker
- Between slits/scoring of ribey stuff more baby carrots and garlic cloves
- Add preferred seasonings
- Around parameter slide more baby carrots along wall and sliced mushrooms
- Add between 120ml to 180ml, or 1/2 to 3/4 cup, of water
- Cover and cook for the amount of time your slow-cooker recommends

> Note featured spices in above image are a blend of; sesame seed, dried onion
> and garlic flakes, chili pepper, poppy seed, red pepper, caraway seed, bezel,
> and rosemary.

### Serve when done

{% include modules/includes-picture/picture.html name='005-serve-when-done' %}

- Per-serving cut all the way through ribeye perpendicular to previously scored slits
- Place slice of ribeye in bowl and spoon over mushrooms and vegetables


______


## Notes and additional tips


Water may be replaced with broth or other liquid of choice, however, beware to
not use too much as there'll be much water that seeps out of ingredients.

Foaming is expected after first few hours of cooking, and usually subsides.
But, for first timers, it may be wise to put slow-cooker in cooking sheet/tray
to help catch seeping caused by adding too much water.
